This is some research that we can put on the website:

common attack vectors:
	SOURCE:https://www.upguard.com/blog/attack-vector
	
	phishing:
		Phishing is a type of social engineering attack where a
		malicious party pretends to be some other legitimate party with
		the intent of getting a target to preform some action, usually
		sending sensitive data or transfering money.

		The main goal of the attacker in this case is to make the
		target trust them. Therefore, the best way defend against such
		an attack is always verify information that you are given
		online. For example, if someone sends you an email claiming
		that they are a relative, and then asks for money, you should
		verify that the person who sent the email is who they say they
		are.

		In the case that the attacker is trying to steal money, there
		are some common red flags that you should look out for. The
		attacker in this case would want to steal money in such a way
		that it can not be easily tracked. If anyone requests money in
		the form of gift cards, or cryptocurrency, it can be a red flag
		as it is much harder to track those methods of payment. The
		government (at time of writing) would never request that you pay
		a fine in the form of Target gift cards, however, a scammer
		pretending to be the government would do this since it is hard
		to track gift cards.

		Another good example of phishing is a website such as this one
		that attempts to get the target to download and execute malware
		on their computer by telling the user that the malware is a
		browser update.

		Phishing can also take the form of an email or text scam where
		the attacker pretends to be some legitimate party
		(ie: the govt., your boss, a family member) in order to get you
		to send them sensitive data.

	weak credentials:
		Weak or reused passwords can lead to significant
		vulnerabilities. If a password is weak (common passwords
		such as 12345, or short passwords) it can be highly vulnerable
		to brute force attacks. If you reuse a password, and that
		password is leaked in a data breach, an attacker could see that
		and try using that password for other things.

		The easiest way to avoid any risks with weak passwords is to
		always use long, unique passwords with many type of characters.
		Something like "Q24:e!@H7n$w3rD" would be a much stronger
		password than "password123".

	session hijacking:
		When you log on to most websites that have a login, the website
		stores a session token on your computer so that if you try to
		log in to that website again from that computer, the website
		will know that it is you logging in. If an attacker is able to
		veiw session tokens on your computer, then those can be used to
		gain acces to most of your logins.

	trojans:
		This type of attack is one of the main reasons that downloading
		pirated content can be dangerous. Much like the Trojan Horse,
		a trojan is malware that is added to some other thing that the
		target is trying to download. For example, a virus may be added
		to a pirated game, then when a target downloads the pirated game,
		the virus that was added to it also runs when the game is run,
		and the target computer is then infected.